Gwenevere Abriel: Give you time to go silent somewhere where you can put the phone down and I'll open up
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, it's fine in here when you're with me if you want to wear a hat, but you'll all just be asking you to take it off when we're in group. So it's your choice. If you want to get in the habit of feeling like this is this is a professional setting that's up to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just so you know, it will be asking you to take it off the moon with other people.
James: All right, I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so we are at here and let's see where we left off.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think last time you review treatment goals. So let's, we can talk about do whatever. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see. Are you talking about last time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm hopefully turn my volume up I was talking a little bit about an opportunity to use electronics of XML learning website to explore kind of different ways to get some sort of tutoring. Did you check that out.
James: Oh no, I haven't been able to get or had a chance to be able to check those out yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: So of all the things that I've talked about in here with you. What have you done
James: Honestly, not much.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you make that
James: I don't know. I've just built my time with all the stuff and in busy with work and helping my pops around his house.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you've been doing
James: As well, yesterday I had to go up to his work because his brakes were acting up so I had to fix his brakes there at his word on his suburban so I did that yesterday and then
James: The other day, we did a
James: Are doing just projects around the house or fixing ship cleaning shit a simple sure like that and building shit.
When you build
James: A
James: While about adult the adult the pull up bar for myself and I hung data and then
James: This other little things from my dad and my dad's been helping me. I mean, while I've been having my dad's been telling me what to do, what to build and shit like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not like to be told what to do.
James: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's that like to be told what to do.
James: It's fine, because he's my boss.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what if your mom was asking you to do something.
James: It's fine. She's my mother, just depending on what she's asking me to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just some things that you don't like that. She asked me to do.
James: Probably
James: In addition, dishes. I don't like doing the dishes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you kind of know why specifically what it is about the doing of dishes. You don't like
No.
James: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: So do you think that if you continue to do what you're doing as far as treatment goals and tasks. Do you think that you will
Gwenevere Abriel: Complete the program and succeed with your, your treatment goals.
James: More likely because, so far I've been doing pretty all right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how do you measure pretty all right.
James: I'm I'm at work. I still have a job. I have a steadying co might have a roof over my head. I'm not in jail. I'm not a drug. And I'm actually sober.
James: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: When were you not so
Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: When were you not sober.
James: To that that night that I told you guys about
Okay.
James: Or every Tuesday that was
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it been like a week, we can have something like that.
James: I'm not sure, probably, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I could probably find it somewhere in the notes if we could, we took the time so you, you just you're sort of defining I'm sober for, let's say, two weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: You think you need the program anymore and everything's all cured. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Ready to
James: Go I what
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you cured and ready to go on. We should drop this program you're ready to head out and do your thing.
James: I'm not sure about that, because it is court ordered
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So while you're here. What would you like to do so that you're not wasting your time.
James: I'm not 100% sure in all honesty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you willing to do the things that I invite
James: More likely, some of them. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, have you done any of them.
James: Not as not not not at the moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what are some of the things that I've invited you to do.
The
James: Not the counseling. I mean, not counting the
James: Tutoring things online excel sheet like that are looking into math. Math tutoring apps or math tutoring sites and so on, of the sort.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that the only thing that's been raised is, and these these many sessions. Right. It's just been go check out
James: Those been some other stuff like I did just kind of slipped my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: They sent me mind. I wonder how they would stay in your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you remember to go to work. How do you remember to get that done.
James: Well, there's a paycheck involved there. So that's a little bit different.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's a motivator.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a positive reinforcer. Do you know what a negative reinforcer is
James: Yeah.
James: What's that like if I go to jail if I get kicked out of this program or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is a negative reinforcement for a lot of people they don't want to. They don't want to go to jail so they show up.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the services. And do you think that showing up is enough.
James: Honestly, yeah cuz i mean it's virtual it's like what else, what else is it do
James: You only do so much over the
James: Phone. I mean, like I said from the get from the get go. I prefer to be in person.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you think that that's that's the difference. You think that things were invited in person, you would do them.
James: I don't know if I'll do them still but I'll listen more
James: Me more
James: She was
James: There'll be more to be more attentive appreciate, because some person, like, I don't know, something in our mind. We're very between in person and over the phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'd be more attentive.
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean what per se means
James: Like like kind of almost maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, thank you. I know that meant to kinda maybe almost. Okay, so, um, I would. Is it safe to say you would be more you might be more attentive in person, you might find to be more attentive in person almost if it was in person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And but that isn't the program you're in, you're in a virtual one
James: Yeah, yeah, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think that you could do to create an environment where you could really turn your attention even more to what we're talking about in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Differently.
James: Put a little bit more effort into making scene or
James: For a little bit more effort into it and son of a bitch. I had something else that I was gonna say, but it slipped my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: My comeback. If we don't force or like mine to it. The mind will kind of bring it up it'll probably come up and feel free to just share it right down. Okay. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll come because we're still in the same topic. So you'd be
James: Tension to it, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's not what I'm gonna say, though, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well it the word will probably come up. So let's just say I'm the attention you're getting right now. How do you know you're not already giving your hundred and 10% attention. How do you know you're not already doing it.
James: Because I have one ear out listening for cars, pulling up to the shop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can see that. That makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's been times when you didn't go into work and you also weren't here at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's also been a thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, there's also been times when you've sat outside. But then there was the wind, and there was cooler air, maybe, and that was a little distracting. So what else could you do to turn attention to really do this turn up the dial of kind of maybe almost per se.
James: I know get Wi Fi for my house, but I'm too fucking broke
James: I ain't got the fucking money for that shit. So where I could do it at home from the comfortability of my room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how much is that I don't, I don't really know.
James: I'm not sure the last, the last time I was pricing it out before all this Kobe hit it was about
James: 150 anywhere from $150 a month to $300 A MONTH. PLUS $200 for installation and
James: Although I did not have that much money right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
James: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where's the things that you are able to turn your interest to and it gets your full attention.
James: Working now.
James: Working
James: For money.
James: Vehicles.
James: Playing guitar.
James: When you are
James: Video games.
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how have you been able to stay sober. These two weeks.
James: Basically been staying home.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just sitting in your room. What else have you been doing to make sure that you don't drink.
James: Playing Game video games working now staying away from 30 people avoiding certain situations.
James: And the little mini breathalyzer that I grow carry around
Gwenevere Abriel: What's that do for you.
James: The breathalyzer
James: Uh huh stops me from drinking because it's
Gwenevere Abriel: So, brilliant.
James: It's got a camera on and a mini breathalyzer and I gotta do it or day agree. I gotta do it four times a day. I got to do at eight in the morning. I do it again at noon at five and then again at 10 at night before bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: court order thing.
James: Yeah, just recently after that previous Tuesday.
James: Night. They gave me that
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just what does that feel like to have to answer to this life link breathalyzer
James: It's fine with me. It keeps me sober.
James: Like I was actually thinking about it. The other night I was like, You know what, this is actually a good thing that I have this because then
James: I can't cheat them. And plus, they know on I'm staying sober shows as pictures. It has my BA sea level. So like, I'm Terry and even Monica my PO told me she's all you've been doing good on the soberly and keep it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
James: Like I actually prefer the sobering more than
James: Yeah yeah
James: More than any other solution that they had before. I don't know what the fuck they didn't give me the shit in the first place.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it possible that this fucking shit part is the counseling.
James: Know the fucking shit part is the breath breath lives in soberly.
Gwenevere Abriel: It didn't give me this stuff first
James: When I first got on probation. They gave him the sober link. When I first got on probation. I wouldn't. I wouldn't.
James: I wouldn't have gone through the bullshit. I went through this
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why do you think people
Gwenevere Abriel: Like Monica.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't apply that intervention first
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What do you, what do you think the logic is behind that.
James: Um, I'm
James: I'm not sure all I could say is that she may
James: I don't know.
James: I really don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sit with it for a minute. Think about it.
James: Maybe more than likely she wants to see if you can do yourself at first, if not maybe for give you that extra kick in the ass that to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why not right. So, in, in, in our world and behavioral health is called the least restrictive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yeah. And then we say, let's see if it works.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because if we went, what if we went, you know what you got yourself a DUI. Let's put you in six months, residential treatment and it wasn't a locked facility. Imagine how that would feel
Gwenevere Abriel: A little heavy handed isn't it.
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. So that's what this is, this is what real real real light just to say, let's see how he does. And you have to find out because there's no amount of telling you
Gwenevere Abriel: You're gonna have a hard time resisting your
Gwenevere Abriel: Problem. Yeah, you would seem the type that needs to feel it to know it to believe it like I gotta, I gotta, I gotta kick it around. I got to feel it in real time to make sure this is true for me. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see. It's like, yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now that's yours. That's your truth. No one can take that from you. I needed this kick in the ass.
James: Yeah, no, I did.
James: I definitely did
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It could be, you may need another one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. We'll see. Right.
James: Yeah, no, I don't think I need a second one, because I've been drinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, yeah. So for two weeks. So you're you're feeling pretty proud of yourself for two weeks of clean right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: And if someone was, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Holding down a job for two weeks they would feel pretty proud about it. Right.
James: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Should they feel proud after one week.
James: Whatever progression counts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever progression. Yeah. Well, what do we call it when you've put together two years of clean. What do we say that
James: Fucking awesome, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, do you want to feel fucking awesome, man.
James: Yeah.
James: You do what
Gwenevere Abriel: Happened. What's the reward, what's the possible game of you feeling like that.
James: One. If I don't drink anymore. I'll make it into the Navy, the Marines.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. There's that positive rewrite there.
James: Yo, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder what gets aside from the the tele health
Gwenevere Abriel: What else do you think gets in the way I think of your being able to benefit from from this service here. What do you think goes on in here between you and I
James: Mean it's like any other therapy session basically a counseling session or yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you the same as in person.
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you get out of past counseling.
James: The past counseling. I see.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you get out
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't need to know what did you get out of it.
James: I'm
James: I'm trying to think, in all honesty, because the last time I went to counseling was a little bit before I went to jail and
James: I mean,
James: The only thing I really got out of it at the time was like more in depth about relationships and shit like that. That's about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you got more in depth. So that's not actually any kind of information. It sounds like that's what the therapist did was asked more in depth questions about maybe dynamics with Mother dynamics with Father dynamic I'll friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's about this particular professionals questions I'm asking, what did you get out of it.
James: That shit, really.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not shit. Okay, so we have that might be happening now, much like what happened in person.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's very possible that you might not get shut out of this.
James: Me, maybe, I don't know.
James: I mean, sometimes there's sometimes ones that I have gotten knowledge from and wisdom from
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what did you do to make that happen.
James: It wasn't really me. Because at first I didn't even like the therapist. I had he kinda I got I warmed up to him, basically, cuz
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a Tuesday. Yeah, so, um, no. We found one. So let's take you in order for you to warm up to someone in the summer in this time was me. But first, I want you to think about this gentleman first. You didn't like him.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you warmed up to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, he showed up. Same guy. Same guy. Same guy. Same guy. Same guy. Same guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: What changed about you that you can warm up to him.
James: It was the way he conducted himself in the way he spoke to me and
James: I don't know what the once he told me to. Once he told me he was in the army and some of his stories and nobody's passed to
James: It was like
James: A new, I don't know, like, just something about veterans that I trust them automatically. Most of them. A lot of them, then we will have half of my family's veterans.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, I could see that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's automatic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I'm in that that I I respect that group I write this like up. I can connect on that level.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did he shared his own personal stories about being in the army.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you were like, Oh, I like those stories. And did you start to trust him.
James: Yeah, that's when I started trusting him. That's an ounce. Tell him.
James: Like I'll tell him some of what what's been going on and she like that at the time when I was younger, and then he would tell like you'd basically it'd be like
James: A verbal contract without even notice anything that like he would tell me a story and then I'll go tell me how my day was and how life is she like that in the next day he told me another story and just go back and forth.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so, um, do you think he's like that with all of his clients.
James: I'm not sure maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it was just for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I would wager that there is no one in this program.
Gwenevere Abriel: And these are people I've been seeing for years that would probably tell you that they trust me implicitly
Gwenevere Abriel: And you don't know a thing about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And wonder what they did to warm up to me. I wonder what they did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Honestly, dude. How on earth did I earn their trust. How can I earn yours that interest me
James: I don't know. That's a good question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, isn't it.
James: Like I have. I'm sorry. I have fast trust you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I see it. I see it.
James: Yeah, there's a half as other part of me that's like, nah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well, is the natural part because there is it's connected to the Court.
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
James: I thought. So that's a big major factor involved in this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so why don't let's keep let me keep offering some reassurances. Um, let's see if this if we can get getting any steps forward on this. So I want you to know, again, even though I said it. I think it's worth saying. And again, the things that
Gwenevere Abriel: I report, you're in a unique kind of model and a Drug Court program. And it's even though it's a really loose one, it's not
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway, I won't go into this, but I don't say anything about what you talk about in here and I don't say about what you're talking about. And group I'm pretty pretty just. This is the data service either attended
James: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I, or someone I know says
Gwenevere Abriel: Guggenheim, I'm like what is that
James: Thing.
James: Thank you.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't report content.
Gwenevere Abriel: The tricky bit for you and this, this is probably could see this being a real challenge. Maybe there'll be points when you think you know what i want to tell this lady.
Gwenevere Abriel: How hard it is, or I want to talk about the dynamics.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, maybe with what's going on with family and alcohol or whatever. Maybe you worry. I'll take it and throw it out in public, like in in the court. The only thing I write is whether you're showing up for services or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whether the but the problem in this piece about
Gwenevere Abriel: A decision to not trust. It is literally the piece that makes therapy, which is a social medicine right i'm not handing you a pill, am I
Gwenevere Abriel: Know now therapy psychotherapy is talk medicine and right now because trust isn't there, you're not actually taking the medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you believe it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's like it basically is like this, let's just say that this funny looking object is you can hear people in groups, if they're taking buprenorphine or whatever, right, they're taking medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of like what's happening with us, is they pick up the prescription. They bring it home. They said it next to them and they just stare at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they kind of hope that it will help
James: Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: I picked it up. There's a document that I picked it up. What's your problem, lady.
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this is a lot trickier this medicine in order to ingest it means
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got to develop trust or we won't get anywhere I can be as funny as charming as honest as disclosing I can be all of these many things, but if you still don't trust what's in here will get nowhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you know this is a very unique relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's i don't i don't need something from you. This is for you.
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're wasting your time in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Think about that time wasted. Why would you want to go go somewhere and waste your time, don't bother.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll reassure as many or as little times as you need about the content of what goes on in here. I did your bio psychosocial so I know your history, and I didn't record any of that. And I'm not going to. I'm a very conservative person when it comes to disclosures.
James: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So my invitation to you is to see if you can carve out time where you are not disrupted by being at work and listening for the cars. I can't change your time right now. I can't change your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I definitely see
Gwenevere Abriel: When you show this therapeutic relationship that you're putting you first that you actually will take this dose of
Gwenevere Abriel: Medicine by doing your part by attention because you found it. You know what it is. It's like my attention is kind of maybe half ass. It's kind of over here with the cars and I'm not really taking it for real.
Gwenevere Abriel: not serious. Yeah, I can see that. But I've got to pace with you. I can't, I can't make you see the value in your healing when you see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give it a fair shake because I show up ready fully ready
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not distracted by anything. I'm really available and ready for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I know that trust takes time and I'm willing to wait it out. But if you could do that part, creating time if it's in the morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can pull it, I can pull it a little earlier, if it's before work, but I can't dip in later, not this month. If you can put together consistent attendance and you're actually attending 100% and it's not halfway in between work half here half there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then I can say, you know what he's got investment. He's got his own recovery and his own treatment and they're starting to develop some trust with us.
Gwenevere Abriel: I could see later on. It can't happen right away, but I'll keep my eye out for time during the week I'm booked. But I'll keep my eye out for us. I know that's something that you want.
James: All right. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're welcome.
James: No, I got you though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, no, it's me. Yeah, James, listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you feel strongly
Gwenevere Abriel: That you've got this all figured out. There are many people straight out of prison spent some 17 years in prison.
Gwenevere Abriel: They got ink up to here. Okay. And they look at me and they're like, what could this lady possibly have. What could she possibly relate to me. What does she got to give
Gwenevere Abriel: And they end up
Gwenevere Abriel: They end up changing their first impression, because they can see that I want you to get everything every, every school. I've got every resource. I've got, I want you to have it. I give it freely, it's all for you, but first we got to work out our trust piece.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll get there. Today was a good day. I feel like we got in the match, right, we got in the ring, didn't we
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We got in the ring together, hey, listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I hope we're both fighting for you. I know I'm fighting for you you fight for you too.
I know
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm glad you made it in here today.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's about setting your alarm for that group. I am noticing more engagement and group. I don't know if you're feeling that to where you're, you're kind of turning a little bit more attention in. Are you listening, a little bit more in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you're going to get more out of it when you're leaning your attention in and you're kind of trying to hear what people are saying and thinking about what people are saying and try it on and thinking is that how I am to
Gwenevere Abriel: The more you can see how you have in common with other people. It's the sense of a bigger support system like dang, I don't, I'm not doing this alone.
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well I'm really, really glad this quote unquote kick in the ass with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: With the breathalyzer a thing. I'm glad that worked. I'm thrilled, right, because you
Gwenevere Abriel: Think you could have gotten so pissed off at that. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I bet you were at first when
James: I was first I was like fuck. Another thing to add to my list of shit to do and then afterwards, I was like, You know what, this isn't that bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. Right. I'm thinking you could look at me, something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's this medicine that if you give it a chance. And you don't have to jump in full body slash just dip your little toe in traffic test me out, you know, you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me a little disclosure. You can talk about something, maybe you know you and your dad talked about and you can you can hear me and
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder what this lady's gonna say about that. What's her opinion. What's. How would she have done it differently. Hmm. You can test me. You don't have to full blown talk about early childhood Raja Raja. You don't have to dive right in like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you wouldn't want to anyway we trust is is developed slowly and you can test me and see. Am I judging, am I, you know, I mean, got to find out from Jackie.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, mostly I'm just playful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Most I'm this other piece. I'm very playful. You've seen it in group to um but I'm also i really hold people accountable, don't I do kind of two things at the same time, it's like, Oh, what is that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I like how does she do that it's both. Yeah. And part of it is this bigger concept and we'll end with this. This is the way I kind of think about people.
Gwenevere Abriel: When they're growing up, I think. Okay, we've got to have really clear boundaries and rules.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that the kids inside can feel safe. And that's kind of the way treatment is to
Gwenevere Abriel: If clients know what the rules are. Notice that the kick in the ass breathalyzer is like, I got it. Cool. Is this time, this time. This time, this time. Well, guess what, you get to do in between, you get to do you you get
Gwenevere Abriel: So basically we show up on time. You show up to group you show up to individual and then in here. You and I get to play.
James: All right.
James: I know what you mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and I'll earn it. I'm ready. I'm, I'm willing to be tested. Okay.
James: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I will see you in group. I'm so glad you made it here today and you weren't. I don't know what time you arrived when it did see something about 753 someone messaged me did you make it in there at a quarter of
James: Yeah, I made in
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the cool way to be, what do you all do like
James: This the dab. Can we adapt me
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm the anti cool. I'm like, I'm like the non Coolest thing on the planet, but
Gwenevere Abriel: At least I know it, and that gives me some half credit cold point
James: Yeah. Does it good.
James: Luck you're working your way there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Listen, have a safe weekend. Okay. And I look forward to seeing you in group.
James: Okay, you too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Take care. Bye.
Bye.